HAS >>> YOU MENTIONED WHAT THE
>>> YOU MENTIONED WHAT THE PRESIDENT PROMISED DURING THE
PRESIDENT PROMISED DURING THE CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. HE ALSO PROMISED HE WOULD
HE ALSO PROMISED HE WOULD ELIMINATE THE NATIONAL DEBT
ELIMINATE THE NATIONAL DEBT WITHIN EIGHT YEARS.
WITHIN EIGHT YEARS. AS YOU KNOW, THE DEBT AT THE END
AS YOU KNOW, THE DEBT AT THE END OF HIS FIRST YEAR WAS AT 20
OF HIS FIRST YEAR WAS AT 20 TRILLION.
TRILLION. LAST YEAR IT WENT TO 21
LAST YEAR IT WENT TO 21 TRILLION, LAST MONTH 22
TRILLION, LAST MONTH 22 TRILLION.
TRILLION. SO WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT
SO WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT PROMISE?
PROMISE? >> LOOK, AGAIN, THE LAST
>> LOOK, AGAIN, THE LAST ADMINISTRATION NEARLY DOUBLED
ADMINISTRATION NEARLY DOUBLED THE NATIONAL DEBT.
THE NATIONAL DEBT. WHEN THIS PRESIDENT RAN FOR
WHEN THIS PRESIDENT RAN FOR OFFICE, HE MADE A COMMITMENT TO
OFFICE, HE MADE A COMMITMENT TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HE WOULD
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HE WOULD ATTEMPT TO TACKLE THE DEBT IN
ATTEMPT TO TACKLE THE DEBT IN EIGHT YEARS.
EIGHT YEARS. THIS PRESIDENT DID THAT THE VERY
THIS PRESIDENT DID THAT THE VERY FIRST YEAR HE CAME TO OFFICE
FIRST YEAR HE CAME TO OFFICE THAT SENT FOR A BUDGET THAT
THAT SENT FOR A BUDGET THAT BALANCED IN TEN YEARS AND HAD
BALANCED IN TEN YEARS AND HAD MORE SPENDING REDUCTIONS THAN
MORE SPENDING REDUCTIONS THAN ANY IN HISTORY.
ANY IN HISTORY. >> THE WHITE HOUSE YESTERDAY
>> THE WHITE HOUSE YESTERDAY DEFENDING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
DEFENDING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BUDGET AFTER HIS PRIOR CLAIMS TO
BUDGET AFTER HIS PRIOR CLAIMS TO SLASH THE NATIONAL DEBT.
SLASH THE NATIONAL DEBT. PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS FORMALLY
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS FORMALLY SUBMITTED HIS 2020 BUDGET TO
SUBMITTED HIS 2020 BUDGET TO CONGRESS AND IT APPEARS HIS
CONGRESS AND IT APPEARS HIS PROMISES TO SLASH THE DEBT WILL
PROMISES TO SLASH THE DEBT WILL BE EASIER SAID THAN DONE.
BE EASIER SAID THAN DONE. TRUMP IS PROPOSEING A RECORD $4.
TRUMP IS PROPOSEING A RECORD $4. TRILLION BUDGET NEXT YEAR WITH A
TRILLION BUDGET NEXT YEAR WITH A LARGE FOCUS ON INCREASING
LARGE FOCUS ON INCREASING DEFENSE SPENDING WHILE MAKING
DEFENSE SPENDING WHILE MAKING CUTS TO GOVERNMENT BENEFITS.
CUTS TO GOVERNMENT BENEFITS. JOINING US, WHITE HOUSE
JOINING US, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT TO REUTERS, JESS
CORRESPONDENT TO REUTERS, JESS MASON.
MASON. WHAT DOES IT DO TO SLASH THE
WHAT DOES IT DO TO SLASH THE DEBT?
DEBT? ANYTHING?
ANYTHING? >> NUMBER ONE, THE BUDGET COMES
>> NUMBER ONE, THE BUDGET COMES AFTER THE TAX CUTS THAT CAME
AFTER THE TAX CUTS THAT CAME THROUGH UNDER THE TRUMP
THROUGH UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. THAT REDUCES THE MONEY THAT
THAT REDUCES THE MONEY THAT COMES INTO THE GOVERNMENT
COMES INTO THE GOVERNMENT COFFERS.
COFFERS. AND YOU’VE GOT SPENDING
AND YOU’VE GOT SPENDING INCREASES ON THE MILITARY.
INCREASES ON THE MILITARY. SO YOU’VE GOT THOSE TWO THINGS
SO YOU’VE GOT THOSE TWO THINGS HAPPENING AT THE SAME TIME.
HAPPENING AT THE SAME TIME. I THINK IT’S ALSO IMPORTANT IN
I THINK IT’S ALSO IMPORTANT IN ANY DISCUSSION ABOUT THE BUDGET
ANY DISCUSSION ABOUT THE BUDGET TO MEN THAT THIS LANDED WITH A
TO MEN THAT THIS LANDED WITH A THUD ON CAPITOL HILL.
THUD ON CAPITOL HILL. IT IS A POLITICAL POLICY
IT IS A POLITICAL POLICY DOCUMENT.
DOCUMENT. IT SHOWS WHAT THE PRESIDENT CARE
IT SHOWS WHAT THE PRESIDENT CARE ABOUT BUT IT IS NOT SOMETHING
ABOUT BUT IT IS NOT SOMETHING THAT IS LIKELY TO BECOME LAW.
THAT IS LIKELY TO BECOME LAW. >> WHAT DO YOU THINK, YAMICHE?
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK, YAMICHE? >> LARRY KUDLOW TALKED ABOUT THE
>> LARRY KUDLOW TALKED ABOUT THE IDEA THEY THINK 3% GROWTH IS
IDEA THEY THINK 3% GROWTH IS SOMETHING THAT WILL CONTINUE.
SOMETHING THAT WILL CONTINUE. HE’S PUSHING BACK HARD ON THIS
HE’S PUSHING BACK HARD ON THIS IDEA AND SAID PEOPLE QUESTIONED
IDEA AND SAID PEOPLE QUESTIONED US AND DOUBTED US WITH 3%
US AND DOUBTED US WITH 3% GROWTH, WE GOT IT LAST TIME, WE
GROWTH, WE GOT IT LAST TIME, WE CAN GET IT AGAIN BUT EXPERTS
CAN GET IT AGAIN BUT EXPERTS TELL PBS IT’S NOT REALISTIC.
TELL PBS IT’S NOT REALISTIC. >> TWO THINGS PLAGUE THIS
>> TWO THINGS PLAGUE THIS BUDGET.
BUDGET. FIRST OF ALL, THE PRESIDENT DOES
FIRST OF ALL, THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT EXTEND HIS TAX CUTS INTO THE
NOT EXTEND HIS TAX CUTS INTO THE FUTURE.
FUTURE. HE DOESN’T ACKNOWLEDGE THE FACT
HE DOESN’T ACKNOWLEDGE THE FACT THE GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO SPEND
THE GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO SPEND A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF MONEY
A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF MONEY GIVING TAX CUTS TO THE WEALTHY.
GIVING TAX CUTS TO THE WEALTHY. IN DEFENSE SPENDING, THEY PUT
IN DEFENSE SPENDING, THEY PUT ALL THE MONEY INTO THE SO-CALLED
ALL THE MONEY INTO THE SO-CALLED OCO ACCOUNT, WHICH IS A WAY TO
OCO ACCOUNT, WHICH IS A WAY TO KEEP IT OFF THE BOOKS.
KEEP IT OFF THE BOOKS. THAT’S BASICALLY A TRILLION
THAT’S BASICALLY A TRILLION DOLLAR GIMMICK.
DOLLAR GIMMICK. I THINK THERE WILL BE A MUCH
I THINK THERE WILL BE A MUCH DEFINITE.
DEFINITE. >> AND IT PUTS REPUBLICANS IN A
>> AND IT PUTS REPUBLICANS IN A LITTLE BIT OF OF A BIND.
LITTLE BIT OF OF A BIND. IT GIVES PERHAPS SOME GIFTS TO
IT GIVES PERHAPS SOME GIFTS TO THE DEMOCRATS IN TERMS OF THE OR
THE DEMOCRATS IN TERMS OF THE OR CUTS HE MAKES.
CUTS HE MAKES. HE MAKES MASSIVE CUTS TO THE
HE MAKES MASSIVE CUTS TO THE STATE DEPARTMENT, TO EPA,
STATE DEPARTMENT, TO EPA, ENVIRONMENT, ET CETERA.
ENVIRONMENT, ET CETERA. DEMOCRATS CAN SAY THIS IS A
DEMOCRATS CAN SAY THIS IS A POLICY DOCUMENT AND THESE ARE
POLICY DOCUMENT AND THESE ARE ALL THE THINGS WE’RE AGAINST.
ALL THE THINGS WE’RE AGAINST. >> WHAT IS REPUBLICAN ABOUT THE
>> WHAT IS REPUBLICAN ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S FINANCIAL POLICIES
PRESIDENT’S FINANCIAL POLICIES AT THIS POINT?
AT THIS POINT? WHAT ARE WE LEFT WITH?
WHAT ARE WE LEFT WITH? WHAT ARE THEY DEFENDING?
WHAT ARE THEY DEFENDING? >> HE’S REDEFINING WHAT
>> HE’S REDEFINING WHAT CONSERVATISM IS.
CONSERVATISM IS. IT USED TO BE ABOUT PRUDENT
IT USED TO BE ABOUT PRUDENT MANAGEMENT.
MANAGEMENT. >> MAYBE CONSERVATIVE IS STILL
>> MAYBE CONSERVATIVE IS STILL CONSERVATIVE BUT THE PRESIDENT
CONSERVATIVE BUT THE PRESIDENT AND THE REPUBLICANS FOLLOWING AT
AND THE REPUBLICANS FOLLOWING AT THIS POINT AREN’T.
THIS POINT AREN’T. >> YOU CAN MAKE THAT ARGUMENT.
>> YOU CAN MAKE THAT ARGUMENT. I THINK IT’S AN INCOHERENT
I THINK IT’S AN INCOHERENT DOCUMENT.
DOCUMENT. IT THROW OOS BIGS THERE A BIG NU
IT THROW OOS BIGS THERE A BIG NU THE GOVERNMENT AT THE TIME WHEN
THE GOVERNMENT AT THE TIME WHEN THEY ARE FAILING TO DECIDE HOW
THEY ARE FAILING TO DECIDE HOW TO ALLOCATE THE MONEY.
TO ALLOCATE THE MONEY. HE WANTS TO SLASH MONEY FOR
HE WANTS TO SLASH MONEY FOR MEDICARE.
MEDICARE. MEDICARE IS POPULAR.
MEDICARE IS POPULAR. HE’S GOING TO HAVE TROUBLE WITH
HE’S GOING TO HAVE TROUBLE WITH THAT.
THAT. THE PUBLIC’S MISTRUST THAT
THE PUBLIC’S MISTRUST THAT DONALD TRUMP AND HIS
DONALD TRUMP AND HIS ADMINISTRATION CAN TAKE CARE OF
ADMINISTRATION CAN TAKE CARE OF HEALTH AND WELFARE STRIKES ME AS
HEALTH AND WELFARE STRIKES ME AS A PROBLEM.
A PROBLEM. IT STRIKES ME AS A POLITICAL
IT STRIKES ME AS A POLITICAL DOCUMENT, TRICK GIFTS TO
DOCUMENT, TRICK GIFTS TO PARTICULAR INTEREST GROUPS BUT
PARTICULAR INTEREST GROUPS BUT NOT COHERENT AS A WHOLE.
NOT COHERENT AS A WHOLE. >> DEMOCRAT STACEY ABRAMS SAID A
>> DEMOCRAT STACEY ABRAMS SAID A POTENTIAL PRESIDENTIAL RUN THIS
POTENTIAL PRESIDENTIAL RUN THIS YEAR IS NOT OUT OF THE QUESTION.
YEAR IS NOT OUT OF THE QUESTION. SHE TWEETED YESTERDAY, "20 YEARS
SHE TWEETED YESTERDAY, "20 YEARS AGO I NEVER THOUGHT I’D BE READY
AGO I NEVER THOUGHT I’D BE READY TO RUN FOR POTUS BEFORE 2028 BUT
TO RUN FOR POTUS BEFORE 2028 BUT LIVE COMES AT YOU FAST.
LIVE COMES AT YOU FAST. AND NOW 2020 IS DEFINITELY ON
AND NOW 2020 IS DEFINITELY ON THE TABLE.
THE TABLE. >> YOU SAID IN YOUR BOOK IF YOU
>> YOU SAID IN YOUR BOOK IF YOU DON’T RUN FOR PRESIDENT, 202828
DON’T RUN FOR PRESIDENT, 202828 WILL BE YOUR BOOK.
WILL BE YOUR BOOK. >> YES.
>> YES. THAT IS THE YEAR.
THAT IS THE YEAR. >> THAT YOU WOULD RUN FOR
>> THAT YOU WOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> YES.
>> YES. I THINK JOBS ARE STEPPING STONES
I THINK JOBS ARE STEPPING STONES AND YOU USE THEM AS
AND YOU USE THEM AS OPPORTUNITIES TO LEARN AND MORE
OPPORTUNITIES TO LEARN AND MORE IMPORTANTLY TO SERVE.
IMPORTANTLY TO SERVE. 2028 WOULD BE THE EARLIEST I
2028 WOULD BE THE EARLIEST I WOULD BE READY TO STAND FOR
WOULD BE READY TO STAND FOR PRESIDENT BECAUSE I WOULD HAVE
PRESIDENT BECAUSE I WOULD HAVE DONE THE WORK THAT I THOUGHT
DONE THE WORK THAT I THOUGHT NECESSARY TO BE EFFECTIVE IN
NECESSARY TO BE EFFECTIVE IN THAT JOB.
THAT JOB. >> HOW’d YOU FIND HER AND TELL
>> HOW’d YOU FIND HER AND TELL ME MORE.
ME MORE. >> I FOUND HER AT SOUTHWEST --
>> I FOUND HER AT SOUTHWEST -- >> OFF TO TEXAS.
>> OFF TO TEXAS. >> SHE’S SOMEONE VERY MUCH
>> SHE’S SOMEONE VERY MUCH WRESTLING WITH WHAT TO DO IN THE
WRESTLING WITH WHAT TO DO IN THE FUTURE.
FUTURE. SHE SAID SHE’S GOING TO MAKE A
SHE SAID SHE’S GOING TO MAKE A DECISION TO RUN FOR SOMETHING.
DECISION TO RUN FOR SOMETHING. SHE WRITES ABOUT A SPREADSHEET,
SHE WRITES ABOUT A SPREADSHEET, HE WRITES, "YEAR, DATE, JOB,
HE WRITES, "YEAR, DATE, JOB, TASK."
TASK." I SAID LET’S PLAY A GAME.
I SAID LET’S PLAY A GAME. WHAT’S IN YOUR SPREADSHEET?
WHAT’S IN YOUR SPREADSHEET? SHE SAID I HAVE TO THINK ABOUT
SHE SAID I HAVE TO THINK ABOUT IT.
IT. SHE SAID BEFORE IT WAS GOING TO
SHE SAID BEFORE IT WAS GOING TO BE 2024 WHEN I WAS GOING TO RUN
BE 2024 WHEN I WAS GOING TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
FOR PRESIDENT. AND THEN SHE SAID I’VE HAD SOME
AND THEN SHE SAID I’VE HAD SOME EXPERIENCES AND NOW I THINK I’M
EXPERIENCES AND NOW I THINK I’M READY FOR 2020.
READY FOR 2020. CORY BOOKER, KAMALA HARRIS ARE
CORY BOOKER, KAMALA HARRIS ARE OTHER PEOPLE SHE CAN LOOK AT TO
OTHER PEOPLE SHE CAN LOOK AT TO SAY, HEY, SHE’S AS POPULAR AS
SAY, HEY, SHE’S AS POPULAR AS US.
US. >> ALL THESE PEOPLE STEPPING UP,
>> ALL THESE PEOPLE STEPPING UP, ALL OF YOU JUST MOVE OVER, WE’RE
ALL OF YOU JUST MOVE OVER, WE’RE COMING, WE CAN DO THIS OURSELVES
COMING, WE CAN DO THIS OURSELVES AND FIGURE THIS OUT.
AND FIGURE THIS OUT. I ALSO LIKE THE WOMEN ARE SAYING
I ALSO LIKE THE WOMEN ARE SAYING I’VE BEEN PLANNING TO RUN FOR
I’VE BEEN PLANNING TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. I’VE BEEN PLANNING FOR A LONG
I’VE BEEN PLANNING FOR A LONG TIME.
TIME. IT’S COMING FASTER THAN I
IT’S COMING FASTER THAN I THOUGHT.
THOUGHT. >> TO THE SPREADSHEET.
>> TO THE SPREADSHEET. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> PEOPLE PUSHED BACK ON ME WHEN
>> PEOPLE PUSHED BACK ON ME WHEN I SAID I WANTED TO RUN FOR
I SAID I WANTED TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT YEARS AGO AND PEOPLE
PRESIDENT YEARS AGO AND PEOPLE SAID YOU SHOULDN’T SAY THAT OUT
SAID YOU SHOULDN’T SAY THAT OUT LOUD.
LOUD. AND SHE SAID, NO, YOU NEED TO BE
AND SHE SAID, NO, YOU NEED TO BE AS AMBITIOUS AS YOU WANT.
AS AMBITIOUS AS YOU WANT. SHE SHARED WITH ME THAT PEOPLE
SHE SHARED WITH ME THAT PEOPLE TOLD HER SHE’S TOO DARK, HER
TOLD HER SHE’S TOO DARK, HER TEETH ARE WRONG, SHE SHOULD LOSE
TEETH ARE WRONG, SHE SHOULD LOSE WEIGHT, YOU DON’T LOOK THE PART.
WEIGHT, YOU DON’T LOOK THE PART. I THINK IT’S SOMETHING THAT
I THINK IT’S SOMETHING THAT COULD BE PART OF HER MESSAGE, IF
COULD BE PART OF HER MESSAGE, IF SHE RUNS IN 2020.
SHE RUNS IN 2020. SO THERE IS A SENATE AND
SO THERE IS A SENATE AND POSSIBLE ANOTHER GOVERNOR’S RUN.
POSSIBLE ANOTHER GOVERNOR’S RUN. >> JEFF, I WANT TO HEAR FROM
>> JEFF, I WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU.
YOU. THESE WOMEN ARE LOOK I’VE GOT MY
THESE WOMEN ARE LOOK I’VE GOT MY SPREADSHEET BE I’M READY AND YOU
SPREADSHEET BE I’M READY AND YOU ARE
ARE HAVE BETO AND OTHERS THAT ARE
HAVE BETO AND OTHERS THAT ARE LIKE I JUST HAVE TO THINK.
LIKE I JUST HAVE TO THINK. >> WE’LL SEE IF BIDEN COMES IN
>> WE’LL SEE IF BIDEN COMES IN HOW THAT CHANGES THINGS.
HOW THAT CHANGES THINGS. PARTICULARLY PRESIDENTIAL
PARTICULARLY PRESIDENTIAL POLITICS IS SO MUCH ABOUT
POLITICS IS SO MUCH ABOUT KNOWING YOUR MOMENT.
KNOWING YOUR MOMENT. LOOK AT BARACK OBAMA.
LOOK AT BARACK OBAMA. SHE’S SAYING MAYBE 2028 IS NOT
SHE’S SAYING MAYBE 2028 IS NOT MY MOMENT.
MY MOMENT. SHE HAD A BIG MOMENT LAST YEAR
SHE HAD A BIG MOMENT LAST YEAR AND THAT MAY HELP HER.
AND THAT MAY HELP HER. >> I DO KNOW YOUR VALUE
>> I DO KNOW YOUR VALUE CONFERENCES AROUND THE COUNTRY
CONFERENCES AROUND THE COUNTRY AND I KEEP SAYING DON’T MISS
AND I KEEP SAYING DON’T MISS YOUR MOMENT.
YOUR MOMENT. IS THIS YOUR MOMENT?
IS THIS YOUR MOMENT? IS IT HERE, IS IT HERE?
IS IT HERE, IS IT HERE? >> AND A VOTER SAID I LIKE TO GO
>> AND A VOTER SAID I LIKE TO GO WITH THE HOT HAND.
WITH THE HOT HAND. IT’S WHO’S HOT, WHO’S SOMEONE
IT’S WHO’S HOT, WHO’S SOMEONE THAT PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT.
THAT PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT. STACEY ABRAMS COULD HAVE THE HOT
STACEY ABRAMS COULD HAVE THE HOT HAND.
HAND. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING ON THIS MORNING.
ON THIS MORNING. STILL AHEAD, RUSSIA APPEARS TO
STILL AHEAD, RUSSIA APPEARS TO HAVE BIG PLANS FOR 2019,
HAVE BIG PLANS FOR 2019, INCLUDING MEDDLING IN EUROPEAN
INCLUDING MEDDLING IN EUROPEAN ELECTIONS AND PREPARING FOR
ELECTIONS AND PREPARING FOR CONFLICT WITH NATO.